docs: warn about Consul auth method locality (#24275)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/integrations/consul/acl.mdx

validate their origin and confirm that they were actually created by Nomad.

Nomad cannot recreate Consul tokens that have been deleted. The auth method

> configuration should never set the `MaxTokenTTL` field. Consul tokens will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration should never set the `MaxTokenTTL` field. Consul tokens are
```

local to the Consul datacenter unless you set `TokenLocality: "global"` in the

> auth method. We recommend using local tokens (the default) because global tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
auth method. We recommend using local tokens (the default) because global tokens
```
```suggestion
auth method. We recommend using local tokens, which is the default. Global tokens
```
From the Google style guide "Unfortunately, some readers ignore anything that appears in parentheses, so don't put important information in parentheses if you can help it."

> require the primary Consul datacenter is available when allocations start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
require that the primary Consul datacenter is available when allocations start.
```

"that" for clarity
